## Health kit demo

## Table of Contents

 * [Introduction](#introduction)
 * [Installation](#installation)
 * [Configuration ](#configuration )
 * [Supported Environments](#supported-environments)
 * [demo Code](#demo-Code)
 * [License](#license)

## Introduction
Health demo code encapsulates APIs of the HUAWEI Health Kit. It provides demo programs for your reference or usage.

## Installation
Before using Health demo code, check whether the IDE environment has been installed. 
1) Decompress the demo code package.    
2) Copy the Health package into the IDE directory and import it into the IDE Tool.
3) Press Sync Project with Gradle Files to ensure the development environment builds completed.

## Supported Environments
	* Android Studio 3.0 or later
	* Java SDK 1.8 or later
	* HMS(APK)3.0.0.version
	* HMS SDK 3.0.0.version

## Configuration 
To use functions provided by packages in examples, you need to set parameters as following:
	
1) HuaweiAccount: Health need verify the user's permission to operate user's health data
2) HMS SDK maven Address:
* Configure the maven address of the HMS SDK in allprojects-> repositories of project's build.gradle : maven {url 'http://developer.huawei.com/repo/'}
* Add maven configuration of HMS SDK in buildscript-> dependencies : maven {url 'http://developer.huawei.com/repo/'}
3) Compile dependencies: Add compile dependencies in model's build.gradle : implementation 'com.huawei.hms:hihealth-base:{version}'
4) AppId info: In the application AndroidManifest.xml, add the appId information generated by the Developer Alliance when creating the application
	
Before using HMS Core(APK), you must locally generate the signing certificate fingerprint, and configure it in AppGallery Connect. Please refer to the following link:https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/development/HMS-Guides/74793808

## Demo Code
HUAWEI Health is an open service for sports & health capabilities provided by Huawei. 
Developers can access the Huawei Health Platform and obtain sports & health data by integrating HUAWEI Health.
	
The following describes the functions of Health Kit:
1) Login and Authorization
This function applies to login the account and enable the authorization.
Code location:  \app\src\main\java\com\huawei\demo\hihealth\HihealthKitMainActivity.java
    
2) Operate health and sport data
The function has ability to add/delete/update/query the health and sport data.
Code location:  \app\src\main\java\com\huawei\demo\hihealth\HihealthKitDataManagerActivity.java
    
3) Real time update
This function applies to update the real time data from sensors to the application layer.
Code location:  \app\src\main\java\com\huawei\demo\hihealth\HiHealthKitSensorsControllerActivity.java
    
4) Auto-record the health data
This function can enable and disable the automatically record method for the health data.
Code location:  \app\src\main\java\com\huawei\demo\hihealth\HiHealthKitAutoRecorderControllerActivity.java

5) Operate Activity Record 
This function can create and manage a single sport or activity.
Code location:  \app\src\main\java\com\huawei\demo\hihealth\HihealthKitActivityRecordControllerActivity.java

6) Operate DataType and Records
This function can add/read DataType and cancel All Records. 
Code location:  \app\src\main\java\com\huawei\demo\hihealth\HihealthKitSettingControllerActivity.java


##  License
Health demo is licensed under the [Apache License, version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
